For details on the meshing generation routine look in the header of rkmesh_obj.pro

The following is a description of each item on the pull-down menus.

File
- Only option is exit.

Object Type
- Triangulated (Random values)
	A set of random 2 dimensional values are generated and the image is draped over them.
- Triangulated (Bessel function)
	A one dimensional set of x,y,z values are meshed together to form a 2D surface.
- Rectangular (dist(40,40))
    A single 2D array is meshed. P1 is the x values, P2 are the y values.
- Polar
	A single 2D array representing r and theta values is meshed.  Results in a ballerina
	skirt surface. P3 is the radius of the first row, P4 is the radius of the last one.
- Cylindrical (w/endcaps)
	A single 2D array representing the walls of the cylinder is generated.  The endcaps
	keyword is set so that endcap polygons are generated.
- Cylindrical (no endcaps)
	Same as above, but no endcaps. P4 specifies the Z coordinate of the last
    row of Array1
- Spherical
 	A 36 x 36 2D array is generated with each value representing the distance from the
 	center. In this case all values are equal, but that is not a requirement. e.g. It is
 	possible to make a "bumpy" sphere.
- Extrusion (T shape)
	The 3D points representing the outline of the object to be made are created here.
	Setting P1=10 makes 10 steps in the extrusion process.
- Revolution (cone)
	The 3D points representing the line to be rotated are passed in here. Setting P1=36
	makes 36 steps in the revolution. P2 is the center of rotation and P3 is the direction
	of rotation.
- Ruled (sin/cos)
	This is perhaps the most difficult of objects to describe.  Array1 is the set of
	3D points describing the first ruled surface.  Array2 modulates the first array.
	P1 sets the number of steps.


Image Overlay
- None
	No image is overlayed.
- Choose Jpeg image
	Choose an image to overlay.

Reset
	Resets the rotation back to the original values

Projection Type
- Orthogonal
	Object will be rendered with all rays coming from infinity. That is, no matter
	how close you zoom in, you can never touch the surface.
- Perspective
	Foreshortening will be modeled.  It is possible to move behing the surface in
	this mode.

Help
	How you got here.

